Question1
Part A

https://geekflare.com/dev/fix-out-of-memory-error-in-windows/
There are many the reasons for a computer to be out memory, but in this case i would ask the user if he/she was able to run other applications while having their 100 tabs open. If the user says 'no', then the issue is that there's too many tabs open on chrome for the system 
to be able to run any other applications and each tab takes up RAM, some more than others depending on the website the tab is on, so having 100 tabs open all at once would take a lot of RAM and could prevent the computer to run properly. If the user says 'yes' then the issue could be a bit more complicated but still possible to fix like updating the software or application, restarting the computer or running a virus check.

Part B

https://www.pcmag.com/how-to/how-to-check-for-memory-problems-in-windows

In this website,the article is telling the reader how to use the Windows Memory Diagonsitcs tool to do a test on the computer's memory to see if there's a problem with the system's memory.In this article, it describes each step of the diagonstics and which setting to recommend at each window of the insructions. 

https://www.ninjaone.com/blog/how-to-run-windows-memory-diagnostics-tool/

In this blog, the article tells what the Windows Memory Diagonsitcs tool is used for and when to use the application. The article tells multiple methods to acheive a similar result. the article also describes what that does the disgonsitic results mean and the method to acccess the test results.The article also recommends alternative thrid-party applications that could be used for to test the memory and when to use these alternative methods.

https://www.dell.com/support/contents/en-us/article/product-support/self-support-knowledgebase/fix-common-issues/system-performance

In this section of the Dell website, it talk about the common issues that causes the slower system performance.It also talks about the the common symptoms of a computer that's suffering from slower performance. It shows mulitiple methods that can help boost computer performance like updating windows, freeing up disk space,checking for malware. At the bottom of the page, it has a a FAQ and two videos showing how to backup an OS system restore and some the methods to boost systrem performance.

Part C

https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/account-billing/fix-problems-with-apps-from-microsoft-store-93ed0bcf-9c12-3df6-6dda-92ec5d0415ac

in this part of the website, it tells the various methods to fix applications that were downloaded from the microsoft store.It tells what the user to do depending if the OS is windows 10 or 11 or the problem is stemming from an application on the Xbox.Near the bottom ofthe page, it has a hyperlink that leads to the Microsoft Support in case none of the mtheods were able to fix the problem.On the left side of the page, it shows mulitple hyperlinks to other pages in case the problem that the user has isn't related to the page that they're on.

https://www.techsolutions.support.com/how-to/troubleshooting-common-issues-with-the-microsoft-store-and-app-issues-in-windows-11-16056

In this article, it briefly summarized mulitple problems that can occur related to Microsoft Store and its apps and the multiple solutions that can be used to solve the problem.On the bottom of the page, it has a hyperlink that leads to their main page and it describes what makes them reliable.On the bottom right of the page shows a button to start a live chat with one their agents.

https://www.makeuseof.com/tag/5-tips-fix-windows-store-app-issues-windows-10/
This article shows 8 common issues with Microsoft store and app issues in windows 10. Tells a step by step instruction on how to use to fix and use these 8 methods but it doesn't show screenshots with each step.On the bottom of the article shows other recommended articles even though most of them are unrelated to the article.


Question B

https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/file-explorer-in-windows-ef370130-1cca-9dc5-e0df-2f7416fe1cb1

In this support page,it shows how to open file explorer for both windows 11 and windows 10. On the left side of the page show hyperlinks to other pages related to file explorer that can help explain the other aspects of file explorer. On the bottom of page shows other short instuctions on how to use other aspects of file explorer

https://www.xda-developers.com/file-explorer-windows-11/

in this article, it has a table of contexts of hyperlinks attached, so the reader can immidiately jump into the section that they desire to understand.It shows a screenshot of each step to see what the window is supposed to look like at each step of the process.The top of the article shows what topics is currently trending within their website.

https://uis.georgetown.edu/file-explorer/

This article also has a table on contents of hyperlinks attached so the reader can jump into the section that they want to understand further.The article also has a description of each part of the file explorer interface, detaling each part of the interface and its uses.Within their screenshots, they circled the icon to help show the reader for instance, what the icon of the file explorer looks like to help better guide the reader.


